HaSeul: Hello, I'm HaSeul of LOOΠΔ
HaSeul: I'm going to see all the members of LOOΠΔ one by one
HaSeul: LOOΠΔ Number 1!
HeeJin: Number 1 is communicating with a cat!
HaSeul: Communicating with a cat, okay!
HaSeul: Number 2!
HaSeul: Oh, beautiful~
HaSeul: And number 3!
HaSeul: Hello, I'm number 3 of LOOΠΔ
HaSeul: Number 4, kid~!
YeoJin: What? A kid? Why are you...
HaSeul: Where is number 5?
HaSeul: Number 5, the oldest!
ViVi: Oh, hey~
HaSeul: Number 6!
Kim Lip: Hi~
HaSeul: Oh, you look sexy~
HaSeul: Number 7!
HaSeul: Hello, 7~
HaSeul: 97s!
HaSeul: What's your number?
Choerry: I'm number 8
Yves: I'm number 9
HaSeul: Oh, number 8 and 9?
Yves: Right~
HaSeul: Number 10~
Chuu: Yes, I'm 10~
HaSeul: Hey~ it's number 10 of LOOΠΔ!
Chuu: Numebr 10~
HaSeul: Number 11!
Chuu: She went to fix her makeup~
(11th girl of LOOΠΔ, Go Won is on her way to change clothes!)
Go Won: I'm gonna change into white clothes~
HaSeul: Number 12!
Olivia Hye: End number!
(As you see, all the members are having lots of fun here!)